Many years ago, and I had a great opportunity, unfortunately, to join with him, standing with him,
and discussing this teaching.
And also I received this teaching quite a few times from his own Dunyurumri, who is the master of
the old Dzokhi teachings,
and the regent of the Guropean Masambha, one of the great masters of the 20th century, of the
Tibetan Buddhism.
From him, I also received these teachings. So this is the kind of breathing of this teaching.
And this teaching, then, is what this teaching is connected to all those five categories.
This is connected to the entire Buddha teaching.
Buddha's day one teaching to enter Mahaparin nirvana, all nine jhana teachings.
This teaching is the essence, the contents, practicing manual, practice and instruction,
bit and stroke of the nine jhana teachings, if I say so. That is what it is.
And why he wrote this? Because nine jhana teaching is a big, Buddha teaching is a big,
according with Tibetan Buddhism, there is over a hundred canons, a hundred books, over a hundred
warnings.
This says, "I have the Guropea." It is a hundred, put in heaven, something, warnings.
That is the Buddha teaching to oscillate a little bit. We go through these old teachings.
Even we have the Guropea effort, we don't have enough time to go through these teachings.
This, therefore, condense it. This is the condensed essence teachings of all that the Buddha
teaches.
And what is the meaning of this teaching? Then the meaning of teaching is the condensed teaching of
all,
from the beginning of the Buddha teaching. How the Buddha, he condense it?
This, as we write, is called dhanas. As we write, it is our booklet. Where is this?
This is, page 50, page 50 of our booklet. Page 50.
Bless, bless my mind to turn the total dhanas. Bless my dhanas practically, follow the path.
Bless my path to free of the delusions. And bless me that delusion be taskful into the wisdom.
That, that is the teaching, the meaning of this teaching, this goodness.
So that means, turn the total, how we turn our mind to dhanas.
That means, how to turn our mind to our own nature.
We are not just wondering, hovering to all terms surface, outside.
But how to turn to our sun, to our own heart. Heart. How to really do this. How that works.
And when we turn our mind to our own heart, to our own goodness,
how we like to be continually, propose. Even we have the good motivation,
even we have the good fortunate that we receive the teaching, all that our mind has.
We have so many challenges in some surface. So many distractions. So many, enticing.
Intoxing, right? Intoxing distractions. Just, easily we've got to carry with us forces.
But how we stay, continuing our course. Course.
And then, even we stay in a course, even we stay in a continually with that detrimental thing.
And we can be caught again with some illusions of the side trucks. Trucks carried away.
And that is what pre of the delusions. Because our delusion, what we have up in the bed,
is not just start only these items. From the beginner's lot of times, that is how it came.
And then, finally, how this delusion everything. To transcend that back to the natural status.
Where ordinary delusion came? Came ordinary. Primarily.
It's from ordinary nature of our own mind. This delusion is not creation of the song outside.
It is our own grace. We are the creator of our dreams.
Whether that dream is a good dream. Whether that dream is a corrupt dream.
Whether that dream is a nightmare dream. Our self is the producer, creator, the engine of our
dreams.
When they are coming from their dreams, even if we experience all those variety, vividly things.
It is from nature, from our mind, evenness of the mind. All that is showing up this.
And where that display is continuing, that display is continuing with our mind, space of the mind.
And where that is dissolving, going back, where it is going, back to that space of the mind.
That's the reality. That is nature.
Many times, we follow carried by the force. We follow with trapped by the shadow.
And then we kind of shadow, and shadow becomes so strong, and our own shadow.
Shadow, and then we begin to suffer. We begin to torment it.
We begin to carry with force. And faith is our shadow, our own, our fundamental primary.
It's our own, my own, my own.
And how to let it go, that is called wisdom.
Nature is pure. Pure from that's what the Indochi teacher always repeatedly.
And we've heard so many times, the great masters. Pure from the beginning.
Origin and nature, dharmadhatu, primordial nature. That is coming.
So have let it go. That is the wisdom.
It's not something the worst of aliens coming to rescue us. It's our own nature.
That is what this teaching is. It's already translated.
You know. I mean, you read. That's what it's teaching is saying.
This is what the great master unchi vatok. This teaching is good to all the practitioners.
Beginner practitioners, middle practitioners, very advanced practitioners.
All those who have been beginning of the practicing is good.
Those who have been practicing for a long time, this is good.
Practicing, like highly patriotic, still is good.
Good. It's a source of paper practices.
So that is a brief introduction part of talk.
And then tomorrow we do the empowerment of the Buddha Amitabha,
which is one of the very special.